Another natural disaster
It's just shitty nonsense
Teacher, you are finally here. Hmm.
Isn't this Xiao Qin Saburo, the winner of the Island Nong Award?
It's him
Isn't he the president of the Academy of Sciences of the island country?
How did you come here?
Frog, don't think I don't know.
You are a passing
Little researcher at the Academy of Sciences
Mr. Koizumi must have a way to cure you
Breeze hum, just wait to die
Kojisaburo is Gomiichiro's teacher
He must be looking for trouble
It's okay, we have the real thing
What are you doing?
Isn't he just an old grandfather?
Not afraid to hum
real stuff
You can laugh.
The most terrifying thing for Buddhists is their lack of repentance
If you apologize sincerely in front of the laity
Maybe everyone can forgive you
I didn't make a mistake.
What do I apologize for?
Buddhism
Your exclusive village in Haier City has a collection from him
Genius also borrows the thing of cooperation
I want to force Dao Guo to issue a humiliating announcement
This has been integrated into the entire scientific community of knives and fruits
Shouldn't you apologize?
But today he made his robot
Overturned the intelligent machine of our island country
Fatty Blue must apologize
Must compensate
First of all, Ichiro Tandamoto
Begging to cooperate with us gorgeously
It was also Ichiro Tangamoto who agreed to apologize to us
I didn't push him.
Secondly, you are also called super intelligent machines
It's an insult to the word intelligence
Right
We are not wrong
Won't apologize
No compensation
Breeze, you have to think carefully
If you don't apologize
Not only you
Even the entire Chinese scientific community will suffer serious damage
lost